add playground updates (#18)
cerbos/cloud-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/playground.adoc

== Try the API

One of the key features of the playground is the ability to try out authorization checks against your policies without having to run a local Policy Decision Point (PDP). In the Implement tab of the sidebar, you can experiment with both the Check API and the Plan API. This section allows you to select from your test fixtures and view the request structure needed to call the PDP, as well as the expected response.

image:playground_try_api.png[alt="Try the API",role="center-img"]

== Connect a PDP to a playground

For developers looking to test the integration of their application, Cerbos Hub offers a Playground PDP connection. This feature allows you to start up a PDP locally in your development environment and connect it to your current playground instance. Any changes you make in the playground are immediately reflected in your local PDP, enabling fast iteration and providing a real-time feedback loop for your integration efforts.

Instructions for starting up a local PDP can be found in the Implement tab under "Connect a PDP"

image:playground_connect_pdp.png[alt="Connect a PDP",role="center-img"]

> It's important to note that while the Playground PDP connection is an excellent tool for rapid development and testing, it's not intended for production use. When you're ready to release your application to production environments, you should xref:getting-started.adoc[create a workspace] connected to your policy repository. This approach takes advantage of Cerbos Hub's fully managed CI/CD pipeline, coordinated policy distribution, and audit log collection features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IMPORTANT: Note that while the Playground PDP connection is an excellent tool for rapid development and testing, it's not intended for production use. When you're ready to release your application to production environments, you should xref:getting-started.adoc[create a workspace] connected to your policy repository and configure the PDPs to receive bundle updates via Cerbos Hub's fully managed CI/CD pipeline. It also allows you to take advantage of Cerbos Hub audit log collection to effortlessly store and analyze all the decisions made by your PDPs.
```
